group_by summarise group_by summarise
group_by summarise filter select
group_by summarise filter summarise
filter select group_by summarise
group_by summarise inner_join select
group_by summarise inner_join select
filter summarise group_by summarise
group_by summarise select summarise
group_by summarise inner_join filter
group_by summarise inner_join filter
group_by summarise select distinct
filter group_by summarise filter
inner_join filter group_by summarise
filter group_by summarise select
group_by summarise filter distinct
select summarise group_by summarise
group_by summarise summarise inner_join
group_by summarise inner_join summarise
group_by summarise inner_join summarise
group_by summarise select inner_join
group_by summarise select inner_join
group_by summarise select inner_join
inner_join select group_by summarise
filter group_by summarise inner_join
filter group_by summarise inner_join
filter group_by summarise inner_join
select inner_join group_by summarise
select inner_join group_by summarise
summarise filter group_by summarise
select group_by summarise filter
anti_join filter group_by summarise
select group_by summarise select
group_by summarise filter inner_join
group_by summarise filter inner_join
group_by summarise filter inner_join
group_by summarise filter intersect
group_by summarise filter intersect
group_by summarise filter intersect
select anti_join group_by summarise
select anti_join group_by summarise
filter inner_join group_by summarise
filter inner_join group_by summarise
filter anti_join group_by summarise
filter anti_join group_by summarise
intersect filter group_by summarise
filter summarise filter select
summarise group_by summarise filter
inner_join group_by summarise filter
filter filter select inner_join
summarise group_by summarise select
inner_join group_by summarise select
group_by summarise inner_join distinct
group_by summarise inner_join distinct
inner_join summarise group_by summarise
filter select inner_join select
filter select inner_join select
filter select inner_join select
group_by summarise select anti_join
group_by summarise select anti_join
group_by summarise select anti_join
anti_join group_by summarise filter
anti_join group_by summarise select
filter select select inner_join
select group_by summarise inner_join
select group_by summarise inner_join
select group_by summarise inner_join
summarise select group_by summarise
group_by summarise filter anti_join
group_by summarise filter anti_join
group_by summarise filter anti_join
summarise inner_join group_by summarise
summarise inner_join group_by summarise
filter summarise filter summarise
filter select inner_join filter
filter select inner_join filter
filter select inner_join filter
group_by summarise select intersect
group_by summarise select intersect
group_by summarise select intersect
anti_join select group_by summarise
select inner_join filter select
select inner_join filter select
filter select summarise filter
inner_join filter select summarise
filter select summarise select
filter intersect filter select
filter intersect filter select
summarise group_by summarise inner_join
summarise group_by summarise inner_join
summarise group_by summarise inner_join
select summarise filter select
intersect select group_by summarise
select select inner_join filter
group_by summarise anti_join filter
group_by summarise anti_join filter
filter filter summarise inner_join
filter group_by summarise distinct
group_by summarise anti_join select
group_by summarise anti_join select
filter summarise inner_join select
filter summarise inner_join select
filter summarise inner_join select
filter filter intersect select
inner_join filter select distinct
filter filter inner_join select
select inner_join filter summarise
select inner_join filter summarise
select filter select inner_join
filter intersect group_by summarise
filter intersect group_by summarise
filter inner_join filter select
filter inner_join filter select
filter filter select anti_join
filter summarise select summarise
filter intersect filter summarise
filter intersect filter summarise
filter select select anti_join
select summarise filter summarise
filter summarise inner_join filter
filter summarise inner_join filter
filter summarise inner_join filter
filter select inner_join summarise
filter select inner_join summarise
filter select inner_join summarise
group_by summarise summarise anti_join
select inner_join select summarise
select inner_join select summarise
filter select summarise inner_join
filter select summarise inner_join
filter select summarise inner_join
filter select summarise inner_join
group_by summarise intersect select
group_by summarise intersect select
group_by summarise intersect filter
group_by summarise intersect filter
filter summarise select distinct
summarise filter select summarise
filter filter select intersect
filter select intersect select
filter select intersect select
filter select intersect select
filter select intersect filter
filter select intersect filter
filter select intersect filter
anti_join summarise group_by summarise
summarise inner_join filter select
summarise inner_join filter select
filter inner_join filter summarise
filter inner_join filter summarise
filter select filter inner_join
filter select filter intersect
select intersect filter select
select intersect filter select
filter select select intersect
select inner_join select distinct
select inner_join select distinct
anti_join filter select summarise
select select inner_join summarise
summarise filter select distinct
inner_join filter summarise filter
select summarise inner_join select
select summarise inner_join select
select summarise inner_join select
filter group_by summarise anti_join
filter group_by summarise anti_join
filter group_by summarise anti_join
filter select anti_join filter
filter select anti_join filter
filter select anti_join filter
inner_join filter summarise select
select select summarise inner_join
filter select anti_join select
filter select anti_join select
filter select anti_join select
select filter summarise inner_join
select anti_join filter select
select anti_join filter select
select group_by summarise distinct
filter summarise filter distinct
select filter intersect select
select filter intersect filter
select filter inner_join select
select intersect group_by summarise
select intersect group_by summarise
select select intersect filter
anti_join filter select distinct
filter intersect select summarise
filter intersect select summarise
filter inner_join select summarise
filter inner_join select summarise
select summarise select summarise
summarise inner_join filter summarise
summarise inner_join filter summarise
filter summarise summarise inner_join
intersect filter select summarise
filter anti_join filter select
filter anti_join filter select
select summarise inner_join filter
select summarise inner_join filter
select summarise inner_join filter
select filter select anti_join
select intersect filter summarise
select intersect filter summarise
group_by summarise anti_join summarise
group_by summarise anti_join summarise
filter summarise inner_join summarise
filter summarise inner_join summarise
filter summarise inner_join summarise
inner_join summarise filter select
inner_join select summarise filter
summarise anti_join group_by summarise
summarise anti_join group_by summarise
filter filter inner_join summarise
select select anti_join filter
filter summarise select inner_join
filter summarise select inner_join
filter summarise select inner_join
filter summarise select inner_join
inner_join select summarise select
filter intersect select distinct
filter intersect select distinct
filter inner_join select distinct
filter inner_join select distinct
select filter inner_join filter
filter select filter anti_join
filter filter anti_join select
select summarise select distinct
intersect filter select distinct
select anti_join filter summarise
select anti_join filter summarise
summarise group_by summarise distinct
inner_join group_by summarise distinct
filter select inner_join distinct
filter select inner_join distinct
filter select inner_join distinct
intersect summarise group_by summarise
anti_join group_by summarise distinct
summarise inner_join select summarise
summarise inner_join select summarise
summarise filter select inner_join
summarise filter select inner_join
summarise filter select inner_join
summarise filter select inner_join
select inner_join filter distinct
select inner_join filter distinct
select filter select intersect
summarise filter summarise filter
filter anti_join filter summarise
filter anti_join filter summarise
summarise filter summarise select
summarise summarise inner_join select
group_by summarise summarise intersect
inner_join summarise filter summarise
filter intersect filter distinct
filter intersect filter distinct
select summarise filter distinct
summarise inner_join select distinct
summarise inner_join select distinct
summarise select inner_join select
summarise select inner_join select
summarise select inner_join select
select group_by summarise anti_join
select group_by summarise anti_join
select group_by summarise anti_join
anti_join filter summarise filter
filter filter intersect summarise
anti_join filter summarise select
filter summarise filter inner_join
filter summarise filter inner_join
filter summarise filter inner_join
filter summarise filter inner_join
filter summarise filter intersect
filter summarise filter intersect
filter summarise filter intersect
filter summarise filter intersect
summarise select select inner_join
select select inner_join distinct
select intersect select summarise
select intersect select summarise
select summarise summarise inner_join
intersect group_by summarise filter
summarise summarise inner_join filter
select summarise inner_join summarise
select summarise inner_join summarise
select summarise inner_join summarise
intersect group_by summarise select
filter group_by summarise intersect
filter group_by summarise intersect
filter group_by summarise intersect
filter select summarise distinct
select summarise select inner_join
select summarise select inner_join
select summarise select inner_join
select summarise select inner_join
filter inner_join filter distinct
filter inner_join filter distinct
filter select anti_join summarise
filter select anti_join summarise
filter select anti_join summarise
summarise select inner_join filter
summarise select inner_join filter
summarise select inner_join filter
select intersect select distinct
select intersect select distinct
intersect filter summarise filter
select filter inner_join summarise
select anti_join select summarise
select anti_join select summarise
intersect filter summarise select
select inner_join summarise filter
select inner_join summarise filter
select filter anti_join filter
summarise group_by summarise anti_join
summarise group_by summarise anti_join
summarise group_by summarise anti_join
select inner_join summarise select
select inner_join summarise select
filter summarise inner_join distinct
filter summarise inner_join distinct
filter summarise inner_join distinct
select filter anti_join select
filter summarise select anti_join
filter summarise select anti_join
filter summarise select anti_join
filter summarise select anti_join
summarise filter summarise inner_join
summarise filter summarise inner_join
summarise filter summarise inner_join
summarise filter summarise inner_join
filter filter inner_join distinct
group_by summarise intersect summarise
group_by summarise intersect summarise
summarise filter filter inner_join
summarise filter filter intersect
summarise select summarise filter
summarise filter intersect select
summarise filter intersect select
summarise filter intersect select
filter anti_join select summarise
filter anti_join select summarise
summarise filter intersect filter
summarise filter intersect filter
summarise filter intersect filter
filter filter summarise anti_join
summarise filter inner_join select
summarise filter inner_join select
summarise filter inner_join select
summarise select summarise select
filter select intersect summarise
filter select intersect summarise
filter select intersect summarise
select anti_join select distinct
select anti_join select distinct
inner_join summarise select summarise
select select anti_join summarise
summarise inner_join filter distinct
summarise inner_join filter distinct
filter summarise filter anti_join
filter summarise filter anti_join
filter summarise filter anti_join
filter summarise filter anti_join
summarise filter select anti_join
summarise filter select anti_join
summarise filter select anti_join
summarise filter select anti_join
filter filter anti_join summarise
anti_join select summarise filter
select intersect filter distinct
select intersect filter distinct
anti_join summarise filter select
filter anti_join select distinct
filter anti_join select distinct
anti_join select summarise select
filter summarise select intersect
filter summarise select intersect
filter summarise select intersect
filter summarise select intersect
select summarise filter inner_join
select summarise filter inner_join
select summarise filter inner_join
select summarise filter inner_join
select summarise filter intersect
select summarise filter intersect
select summarise filter intersect
select summarise filter intersect
inner_join summarise select distinct
summarise filter inner_join filter
summarise filter inner_join filter
summarise filter inner_join filter
select filter intersect summarise
filter inner_join summarise filter
filter inner_join summarise filter
select select intersect summarise
select anti_join filter distinct
select anti_join filter distinct
filter inner_join summarise select
filter inner_join summarise select
intersect select summarise filter
summarise select select anti_join
summarise summarise select inner_join
intersect select summarise select
filter select summarise anti_join
filter select summarise anti_join
filter select summarise anti_join
filter select summarise anti_join
summarise filter select intersect
summarise filter select intersect
summarise filter select intersect
summarise filter select intersect
summarise select inner_join summarise
summarise select inner_join summarise
summarise select inner_join summarise
select group_by summarise intersect
select group_by summarise intersect
select group_by summarise intersect
filter summarise anti_join filter
filter summarise anti_join filter
filter summarise anti_join filter
filter anti_join filter distinct
filter anti_join filter distinct
summarise filter filter anti_join
filter summarise anti_join select
filter summarise anti_join select
filter summarise anti_join select
anti_join summarise filter summarise
summarise select summarise inner_join
summarise select summarise inner_join
summarise select summarise inner_join
summarise select summarise inner_join
inner_join summarise filter distinct
inner_join filter summarise distinct
select summarise inner_join distinct
select summarise inner_join distinct
select summarise inner_join distinct
select summarise select anti_join
select summarise select anti_join
select summarise select anti_join
select summarise select anti_join
summarise select intersect select
summarise select intersect select
summarise select intersect select
summarise select intersect filter
summarise select intersect filter
summarise select intersect filter
summarise select filter inner_join
summarise select filter intersect
summarise inner_join summarise filter
summarise inner_join summarise filter
select filter inner_join distinct
summarise select select intersect
summarise inner_join summarise select
summarise inner_join summarise select
select select summarise anti_join
summarise anti_join filter select
summarise anti_join filter select
select filter summarise anti_join
select summarise filter anti_join
select summarise filter anti_join
select summarise filter anti_join
select summarise filter anti_join
filter intersect summarise filter
filter intersect summarise filter
summarise select anti_join filter
summarise select anti_join filter
summarise select anti_join filter
filter intersect summarise select
filter intersect summarise select
summarise select anti_join select
summarise select anti_join select
summarise select anti_join select
summarise group_by summarise intersect
summarise group_by summarise intersect
summarise group_by summarise intersect
select summarise select intersect
select summarise select intersect
select summarise select intersect
select summarise select intersect
intersect summarise filter select
inner_join select summarise distinct
summarise summarise filter inner_join
summarise summarise filter intersect
select filter anti_join summarise
filter summarise summarise anti_join
summarise filter inner_join summarise
summarise filter inner_join summarise
summarise filter inner_join summarise
filter filter summarise intersect
filter summarise intersect select
filter summarise intersect select
filter summarise intersect select
filter summarise intersect filter
filter summarise intersect filter
filter summarise intersect filter
summarise filter anti_join filter
summarise filter anti_join filter
summarise filter anti_join filter
summarise filter anti_join select
summarise filter anti_join select
summarise filter anti_join select
summarise anti_join filter summarise
summarise anti_join filter summarise
select summarise anti_join filter
select summarise anti_join filter
select summarise anti_join filter
anti_join summarise select summarise
summarise filter summarise distinct
select summarise anti_join select
select summarise anti_join select
select summarise anti_join select
summarise intersect filter select
summarise intersect filter select
summarise select filter anti_join
summarise summarise inner_join distinct
select anti_join summarise filter
select anti_join summarise filter
summarise summarise select anti_join
intersect summarise filter summarise
select anti_join summarise select
select anti_join summarise select
group_by summarise anti_join distinct
group_by summarise anti_join distinct
summarise select inner_join distinct
summarise select inner_join distinct
summarise select inner_join distinct
anti_join summarise select distinct
anti_join filter summarise distinct
filter select summarise intersect
filter select summarise intersect
filter select summarise intersect
filter select summarise intersect
filter anti_join summarise filter
filter anti_join summarise filter
filter anti_join summarise select
filter anti_join summarise select
summarise filter intersect summarise
summarise filter intersect summarise
summarise filter intersect summarise
summarise summarise filter anti_join
summarise intersect group_by summarise
summarise intersect group_by summarise
filter filter intersect distinct
select intersect summarise filter
select intersect summarise filter
intersect group_by summarise distinct
filter summarise anti_join summarise
filter summarise anti_join summarise
filter summarise anti_join summarise
select intersect summarise select
select intersect summarise select
summarise summarise select intersect
select summarise summarise anti_join
summarise intersect filter summarise
summarise intersect filter summarise
select summarise intersect select
select summarise intersect select
select summarise intersect select
select summarise intersect filter
select summarise intersect filter
select summarise intersect filter
intersect filter summarise distinct
anti_join summarise filter distinct
select select summarise intersect
select inner_join summarise distinct
select inner_join summarise distinct
select filter summarise intersect
summarise anti_join select summarise
summarise anti_join select summarise
summarise select summarise distinct
summarise summarise anti_join filter
summarise filter inner_join distinct
summarise filter inner_join distinct
summarise filter inner_join distinct
summarise select anti_join summarise
summarise select anti_join summarise
summarise select anti_join summarise
summarise summarise anti_join select
summarise filter summarise anti_join
summarise filter summarise anti_join
summarise filter summarise anti_join
summarise filter summarise anti_join
intersect summarise select summarise
group_by summarise intersect distinct
group_by summarise intersect distinct
filter summarise summarise intersect
summarise anti_join select distinct
summarise anti_join select distinct
filter select intersect distinct
filter select intersect distinct
filter select intersect distinct
anti_join select summarise distinct
summarise filter anti_join summarise
summarise filter anti_join summarise
summarise filter anti_join summarise
filter select anti_join distinct
filter select anti_join distinct
filter select anti_join distinct
intersect summarise select distinct
summarise select intersect summarise
summarise select intersect summarise
summarise select intersect summarise
select summarise anti_join summarise
select summarise anti_join summarise
select summarise anti_join summarise
filter inner_join summarise distinct
filter inner_join summarise distinct
summarise intersect select summarise
summarise intersect select summarise
intersect select summarise distinct
select filter intersect distinct
select select intersect distinct
summarise anti_join filter distinct
summarise anti_join filter distinct
summarise summarise intersect select
summarise summarise intersect filter
select select anti_join distinct
summarise intersect select distinct
summarise intersect select distinct
intersect summarise filter distinct
filter filter anti_join distinct
filter summarise intersect summarise
filter summarise intersect summarise
filter summarise intersect summarise
summarise select summarise anti_join
summarise select summarise anti_join
summarise select summarise anti_join
summarise select summarise anti_join
summarise inner_join summarise distinct
summarise inner_join summarise distinct
select summarise summarise intersect
filter intersect summarise distinct
filter intersect summarise distinct
summarise intersect filter distinct
summarise intersect filter distinct
summarise filter summarise intersect
summarise filter summarise intersect
summarise filter summarise intersect
summarise filter summarise intersect
select anti_join summarise distinct
select anti_join summarise distinct
select summarise intersect summarise
select summarise intersect summarise
select summarise intersect summarise
summarise anti_join summarise filter
summarise anti_join summarise filter
select filter anti_join distinct
summarise anti_join summarise select
summarise anti_join summarise select
filter anti_join summarise distinct
filter anti_join summarise distinct
select intersect summarise distinct
select intersect summarise distinct
summarise filter intersect distinct
summarise filter intersect distinct
summarise filter intersect distinct
summarise select summarise intersect
summarise select summarise intersect
summarise select summarise intersect
summarise select summarise intersect
filter summarise anti_join distinct
filter summarise anti_join distinct
filter summarise anti_join distinct
summarise select intersect distinct
summarise select intersect distinct
summarise select intersect distinct
summarise intersect summarise filter
summarise intersect summarise filter
summarise select anti_join distinct
summarise select anti_join distinct
summarise select anti_join distinct
summarise intersect summarise select
summarise intersect summarise select
summarise filter anti_join distinct
summarise filter anti_join distinct
summarise filter anti_join distinct
filter summarise intersect distinct
filter summarise intersect distinct
filter summarise intersect distinct
select summarise anti_join distinct
select summarise anti_join distinct
select summarise anti_join distinct
summarise anti_join summarise distinct
summarise anti_join summarise distinct
select summarise intersect distinct
select summarise intersect distinct
select summarise intersect distinct
summarise summarise anti_join distinct
summarise summarise intersect distinct
summarise intersect summarise distinct
summarise intersect summarise distinct
