filter group_by summarise
group_by summarise filter
group_by summarise select
group_by summarise inner_join
group_by summarise inner_join
select group_by summarise
summarise group_by summarise
inner_join group_by summarise
anti_join group_by summarise
filter select summarise
group_by summarise distinct
filter select distinct
inner_join filter select
filter select inner_join
filter select inner_join
filter select inner_join
filter summarise filter
inner_join filter summarise
filter summarise select
group_by summarise anti_join
group_by summarise anti_join
select inner_join select
select inner_join select
summarise filter select
select select inner_join
inner_join select summarise
anti_join filter select
select inner_join filter
select inner_join filter
inner_join select distinct
filter summarise inner_join
filter summarise inner_join
filter summarise inner_join
filter filter inner_join
filter filter intersect
summarise filter summarise
filter intersect select
filter intersect select
filter intersect filter
filter intersect filter
filter inner_join select
filter inner_join select
select summarise filter
select summarise select
intersect filter select
filter select anti_join
filter select anti_join
filter select anti_join
anti_join filter summarise
filter inner_join filter
filter inner_join filter
intersect group_by summarise
summarise inner_join select
summarise inner_join select
group_by summarise intersect
group_by summarise intersect
filter select intersect
filter select intersect
filter select intersect
intersect filter summarise
select select anti_join
inner_join filter distinct
select inner_join summarise
select inner_join summarise
filter filter anti_join
select summarise inner_join
select summarise inner_join
select summarise inner_join
summarise select summarise
summarise inner_join filter
summarise inner_join filter
select intersect select
select intersect select
select intersect filter
select intersect filter
select filter inner_join
select filter intersect
select select intersect
anti_join select summarise
summarise select distinct
select anti_join filter
select anti_join filter
select anti_join select
select anti_join select
filter inner_join summarise
filter inner_join summarise
anti_join select distinct
intersect select summarise
filter anti_join filter
filter anti_join filter
filter anti_join select
filter anti_join select
inner_join summarise filter
inner_join summarise select
summarise filter distinct
filter summarise distinct
intersect select distinct
summarise summarise inner_join
select filter anti_join
anti_join filter distinct
summarise inner_join summarise
summarise inner_join summarise
summarise select inner_join
summarise select inner_join
summarise select inner_join
select inner_join distinct
select inner_join distinct
filter intersect summarise
filter intersect summarise
intersect filter distinct
filter inner_join distinct
filter inner_join distinct
select summarise distinct
summarise filter inner_join
summarise filter inner_join
summarise filter inner_join
summarise filter intersect
summarise filter intersect
summarise filter intersect
select anti_join summarise
select anti_join summarise
filter summarise anti_join
filter summarise anti_join
filter summarise anti_join
filter anti_join summarise
filter anti_join summarise
select intersect summarise
select intersect summarise
anti_join summarise filter
summarise inner_join distinct
summarise inner_join distinct
summarise select anti_join
summarise select anti_join
summarise select anti_join
anti_join summarise select
summarise filter anti_join
summarise filter anti_join
summarise filter anti_join
summarise select intersect
summarise select intersect
summarise select intersect
select summarise anti_join
select summarise anti_join
select summarise anti_join
summarise anti_join filter
summarise anti_join filter
summarise anti_join select
summarise anti_join select
filter summarise intersect
filter summarise intersect
filter summarise intersect
inner_join summarise distinct
intersect summarise filter
intersect summarise select
summarise summarise anti_join
summarise intersect select
summarise intersect select
summarise intersect filter
summarise intersect filter
filter intersect distinct
filter intersect distinct
select summarise intersect
select summarise intersect
select summarise intersect
summarise anti_join summarise
summarise anti_join summarise
anti_join summarise distinct
select intersect distinct
select intersect distinct
select anti_join distinct
select anti_join distinct
summarise summarise intersect
filter anti_join distinct
filter anti_join distinct
summarise intersect summarise
summarise intersect summarise
intersect summarise distinct
summarise anti_join distinct
summarise anti_join distinct
summarise intersect distinct
summarise intersect distinct
